Add certificate store documentation (#5048)
grafana/agent: docs/developer/windows/certificate_store/README.md

> # Guide to setting up a Windows Server for Certificate Testing

Reviewer: Is this also a flow feature? If it is, then should we try adding it to the CI at some point?

Author: Sadly almost none of this can be done in powershell, the creating of a certificate can but I couldnt find a way to set the settings I needed. I am doing this in prep for porting it over to Flow. It also requires a server version of windows.

> This guide is used to setup a Windows Server for Windows Store Certificate Testing. This guide assumes you have downloaded a Windows 2022 Server ISO and have installed the Windows Server onto a virtual machine. Certificate Templates can only be installed on Windows Server and it needs to be enabled as a Enterprise Certificate Authority. This guide is NOT meant to be a guide on how to setup a Windows Server for production use and is meant only for setting up an environment to test the Grafana Agent and certificate store.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This guide is used to set up a Windows Server for Windows Store Certificate Testing. This guide assumes you have downloaded a Windows 2022 Server ISO and have installed the Windows Server onto a virtual machine. Certificate Templates can only be installed on Windows Server and it must enabled as an Enterprise Certificate Authority. This guide is NOT meant to be a guide on how to set up a Windows Server for production use, and is meant only for setting up an environment to test the Grafana Agent and certificate store.
```

## Prerequisites

* The install should be fresh with no server roles defined or installed. 
* You should be logged in via an administrator account.

> ## Setup as domain controller

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Set up as domain controller
```

1. Add `Active Directory Domain Services`

> 2. Add to a new forest, when asked for name use `test.example.com`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add to a new forest, and when asked for a name, use `test.example.com`
```

3. Add a NETBIOS name `TESTCERT`.

> 4. Install.

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me, but I'm not sure what this is referring to?

Author: Added a bit more verbiage, but basically click through til done

> 6. Reboot, if succeeded your username will be prefixed with `TESTCERT/` on login screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Reboot. If the set up succeeded, your username will be prefixed with `TESTCERT/` on login screen.
```

> ## Setup certificate management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Set up certificate management
```

> For this setup we are using a one node Domain Controller setup as the Enterprise CA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this setup we are using a one-node Domain Controller set up as the Enterprise CA.
```

1. Go to the Server Management window
![](./images/initial.png)
2. Click Add Roles
![](./images/addroles.png)
3. Select `Active Directory Certificate Services`
![](./images/certificateservices.png)

> 4. Select `Certificate Authority`, and `Certficate Authority Web Enrollment` note we will need `Certificate Web Enrollment Service` but that has to be installed after `Certificate Authority`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Select `Certificate Authority`, and `Certificate Authority Web Enrollment`. Note that we will need the `Certificate Web Enrollment Service`, but it must be installed after the `Certificate Authority`.
```

5. Install and then select configure `Certificate Authority`
![](./images/configure_certificate_authority.png)

6. Select `Enterprise CA`
![](./images/enterprise_ca.png)

7. Select `Root CA`
![](./images/root_ca.png)

8. Select `Create a new private key`
![](./images/private_key.png)

9. Go with the defaults.
![](./images/default_private_ky.png)

10. Go with validity of 5 years.
![](./images/validity.png)

11. Install
12. When asked if you want to install additional services say yes.
![](./images/additional_services.png)

13. Select `Certificate Enrollment Web Service`

> 14. Use the defualt application pool identity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
14. Use the default application pool identity
```

![](./images/default_identity.png)

15. Choose existing SSL certificate
![](./images/default_certificate.png)

16. Click through and complete
17. Reboot

## Creating a template

1. From Server Management click Tools->Certificate Authority
![](./images/certificate_authority_click.png)

> 2. Ensure `Certificate Templates` is available, if not then you are not setup as an Enterprise CA and go back to `Setup as domain controller`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Ensure `Certificate Templates` is available, if not then you are not set up as an Enterprise CA and go back to `Setup as domain controller`
```

![](./images/certificate_templates.png)

3. Right click on `Certificate Templates` and select `Manage`
![](./images/manage.png)

4. This opens the `Certificate Templates Console`
5. Select `Authenticate Session` and `Duplicate`
6. Open `General` tab and change names to `Certstore Template`, set the Renewal Period to 32850 hours that is the max allowed.
![](./images/template_general.png)

7. Open `Cryptography` tab and select `Request can use any provider available on the subject's computer`
![](./images/availability.png)

8. Open `Request Handling` tab and select `Allow private key to be exported`
![](./images/export_private_key.png)

> 9. Open `Security` tab and give Adminstrator all the control

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Open `Security` tab and give Administrator all the control
```

![](./images/give_control.png)

10. Open `Extensions` tab click `Application Policies` click `Edit`, ensure `Any Purpose` is selected
![](./images/any_purpose.png)

11. Close `Certificate Template Console`
12. Reopen `Certificate Authority` console
13. Right click on `Certificate Templates`, select `New`, then `Certificate Template to Issue`
14. Select `Certstore Template`
15. It will now show in the Templates folder of Certificate Authority

## Creating a certificate from the template

1. Open `certmgr` also called `Manage user certificates` from the Run button.
2. Expand `Personal`, right click on personal, select `All Tasks` , select `Request New Certificate`
3. Click through until you get the `Request Certificate` screen and select `Certstore Template`
![](./images/new_cert.png)

4. Expand `Certstore Template` and select `Properties`
5. Give it a name  like `TestAuth` and ensure under `Private Key` -> `Key options` that the private key is exportable
![](./images/new_cert_exportable.png)

6. Create Certificate

## Export the certificate

1. From `certmgr` find the certificate you created and double click to open.

> 2. Go to tab `Details` and select `Copy to File...`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Go to the `Details` tab and select `Copy to File...`
```

3. Ensure that `Yes, export the private key` is selected.

> ![](./images/export_private_key.png)

Reviewer: Did you mean "Allow private key to be exported" instead of "Yes, export the private key"? Or is this the wrong screenshot?

Author: Good catch!

> 4. Under `Export File Format` ensure that `Includ eall certificates in the certificate path if possible`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Under `Export File Format` ensure that `Include all certificates in the certificate path if possible`
```

5. Export it to a file.

## Setup Grafana Agent

1. Open the Agent configuration file.
2. Open `Certificate Templates Console`, right click `Certstore Template` and find the Object identifier
![](./images/object_identifier.png)

> 3. Copy that the configuration file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Copy the configuration file
```
